+ Rules of the Game  - See <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/War_(card_game)>+ Stories	- Game ends after someone wins a fixed number of battles	- Play only battles; break tie with another battle	- Game ends when a player collects all the cards	- Play a war to break a tie in a battle	- Player with not enough cards for a war uses his last card face up	- Track game statistics: number of battles, number of wars, number of double wars, triple wars, n-tuple wars	- Track each player's individual performance in a game	- Track a player's performance over multiple games+ Constraints	- Play proceeds clockwise	- Deck divides evenly between players	- In unison, each player reveals the top card on his stack (a "battle"), and the player with the higher card takes both the cards played and moves them to the bottom of his stack.	- Use three cards face down and one card face up for a "war"	- If a player runs out of cards while dealing the face-down cards of a war, he may play the last card in his deck as his face-up card and still have a chance to stay in the game.	- A player wins by collecting all the cards.+ Variations	- Multiplayer War - With three or more players, a war occurs only when the two highest cards tie.	- Automatic War - A certain card, typically a 2 or a Joker causes an automatic war.	- Threes Beat Faces - In this variation, a 3 wins against any face card, but still loses against other cards higher than it.	- Fours Beat Aces - Usually played alongside the above variation, here a 4 beats an ace, but loses against other cards higher than it.	- Slap War - A certain card, usually 5 if playing with the above rules, has no numerical significance, and when a 5 is played, the first player to slap it collects the cards. If two players play a 5 or a war is caused in some other way, the person to slap the 5 wins regardless.	- Underdog - When a player has lost a war, he may check his three face down cards for a predetermined underdog card, usually 6 if playing with the above rules, and if one of the cards is a 6, he wins the war.	- Peace - A simple variation played the opposite of War. Lowest Card wins. Instead of 3 cards being laid down in a peace (a war) 5 are, 1 for each letter in peace.	- Quatro - A drinking game variant in which four players are dealt three face down cards. The players turn over one of their cards in unison. The player with the lowest card is eliminated and must drink. The players continue with their remaining cards until all but one are eliminated. In the case of a tie, the players participating in the war are immediately dealt three additional face down cards and must turn over one card in unison. The player with the lower card must then finish his or her entire drink. In the case of multiple simultaneous wars, the battle between the highest cards takes precedent and the other battle is void.